---
title: GDPR에 따른 Windows Enterprise 알림용 데이터 프로세서 서비스
description: Windows Enterprise 데이터 프로세서 서비스가 개인 데이터 위반으로부터 보호하는 방법 및 Microsoft가 위반 발생 시 대응하고 사용자에게 알리는 방법입니다.
keywords: Windows Enterprise용 데이터 프로세서 서비스, Microsoft 365, Microsoft 365 문서, GDPR
localization_priority: Priority
ROBOTS: NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: daniha
author: DaniHalfin
manager: dansimp
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
ms.openlocfilehash: dc921215ef8e1e1a1a187a5b8be46916c30d5f2c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ko-KR
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920282"
---
# <a name="data-processor-service-for-windows-enterprise-breach-notification-under-the-gdpr"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7833-104">GDPR에 따른 Windows Enterprise 위반 알림용 데이터 프로세서 서비스</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-104">Data processor service for Windows Enterprise breach notification under the GDPR</span></span>

>[!NOTE]
><span data-ttu-id="f7833-p101">This topic is intended for participants in the data processor service for Windows Enterprise preview program and requires acceptance of specific terms of use. To learn more about the program and agree to the terms of use, see [https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview](https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p101">This topic is intended for participants in the data processor service for Windows Enterprise preview program and requires acceptance of specific terms of use. To learn more about the program and agree to the terms of use, see [https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview](https://aka.ms/WindowsEnterprisePublicPreview).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p102">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes extensive security measures to protect against data breaches. These include dedicated threat management teams that proactively anticipate, prevent, and mitigate malicious access.  Internal security measures such as port scanning, perimeter vulnerability scanning, and intrusion detection detect and prevent malicious access, as well as automated security processes, comprehensive information security and privacy policies, and security and privacy training for all personnel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p102">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise takes extensive security measures to protect against data breaches. These include dedicated threat management teams that proactively anticipate, prevent, and mitigate malicious access.  Internal security measures such as port scanning, perimeter vulnerability scanning, and intrusion detection detect and prevent malicious access, as well as automated security processes, comprehensive information security and privacy policies, and security and privacy training for all personnel.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p103">Security is built into the Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise from the ground up, starting with the [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), a mandatory development process that incorporates privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default methodologies. The guiding principle of Microsoft's security strategy is to 'assume breach', which is an extension of the defense-in-depth strategy. By constantly challenging the security capabilities of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise, Microsoft can stay ahead of emerging threats. For more information on the data processor service for Windows Enterprise security, please review these [resources](https://www.microsoft.com/TrustCenter/Security/windows10-security) the data processor service for Windows Enterprise responds to a potential data breach according to the security incident response process. The data processor service for Windows Enterprise security incident response is implemented using a five-stage process: Detect, Assess, Diagnose, Stabilize, and Close. The Security Incident Response Team may alternate between the diagnose and stabilize stages as the investigation progresses. An overview of the security incident response process is below:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p103">Security is built into the Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise from the ground up, starting with the [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), a mandatory development process that incorporates privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default methodologies. The guiding principle of Microsoft's security strategy is to 'assume breach', which is an extension of the defense-in-depth strategy. By constantly challenging the security capabilities of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise, Microsoft can stay ahead of emerging threats. For more information on the data processor service for Windows Enterprise security, please review these [resources](https://www.microsoft.com/TrustCenter/Security/windows10-security) the data processor service for Windows Enterprise responds to a potential data breach according to the security incident response process. The data processor service for Windows Enterprise security incident response is implemented using a five-stage process: Detect, Assess, Diagnose, Stabilize, and Close. The Security Incident Response Team may alternate between the diagnose and stabilize stages as the investigation progresses. An overview of the security incident response process is below:</span></span> 

|<span data-ttu-id="f7833-118">**단계**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-118">**Stage**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="f7833-119">**설명**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-119">**Description**</span></span>|
| ------- | ------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-120">\**_1 - 감지_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-120">\**_1 — Detect_* _</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-121">잠재적인 인시던트의 최초 지표</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-121">First indication of a potential incident.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-122">_*_2 - 평가_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-122">_*_2 — Assess_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p104">대기 인시던트 대응 팀 구성원이 이벤트의 영향 및 심각도를 평가합니다. 이러한 평가는 증거에 따라 보안 대응 팀으로의 추가 에스컬레이션으로 이어질 수도 있고 그렇지 않을 수도 있습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p104">An on-call incident response team member assesses the impact and severity of the event. Based on evidence, the assessment may or may not result in further escalation to the security response team.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-125">_*_3 - 진단_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-125">_*_3 — Diagnose_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p105">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p105">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-128">_*_4 - 안정화 및 복구_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-128">_*_4 — Stabilize and Recover_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p106">인시던트 대응 팀이 문제를 완화하기 위한 복구 계획을 세웁니다. 영향을 받은 시스템을 격리하는 등의 위기 제약 단계가 즉시 진행되거나 진단과 동시에 진행될 수 있습니다. 즉각적인 위험이 지나간 후에 더 장기적인 완화 조치를 계획할 수 있습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p106">The incident response team creates a recovery plan to mitigate the issue. Crisis containment steps such as quarantining impacted systems may occur immediately and in parallel with diagnosis. Longer term mitigations may be planned which occur after the immediate risk has passed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-132">_*_5 - 종료 및 사후 분석_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-132">_*_5 — Close and Post-mortem_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-133">인시던트 대응 팀은 정책, 절차 및 프로세스를 수정하여 이벤트 재발을 방지하기 위해 인시던트의 세부 정보를 대략적으로 설명하는 사후 분석 단계를 만듭니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-133">The incident response team creates a post-mortem that outlines the details of the incident, with the intention to revise policies, procedures, and processes to prevent a reoccurrence of the event.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p107">The detection processes used by Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise are designed to discover events that risk the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Several events can trigger an investigation:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p107">The detection processes used by Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise are designed to discover events that risk the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Several events can trigger an investigation:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p108">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p108">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-138">첫 번째 파티는 Microsoft Azure 및 Azure Government에서 실행되는 Microsoft 서비스의 첫 번째 파티 보고서입니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-138">First party reports from Microsoft Services running on Microsoft Azure and Azure Government.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p109">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com] (mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p109">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com] (mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-141">고객 지원 포털 또는 Microsoft Azure 및 Azure Government Management 포탈을 통한 고객 보고서로, 고객의 책임 범위 내에서 발생하는 활동과는 달리 Azure 인프라로 인한 의심스러운 활동을 설명합니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-141">Customer reports via the Customer Support Portal or Microsoft Azure and Azure Government Management Portal, that describe suspicious activity attributed to the Azure infrastructure (as opposed to activity occurring within the customer's scope of responsibility).</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p110">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team’s activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p110">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team’s activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span></span>
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p111">Azure 서비스 운영자에 의한 에스컬레이션. Microsoft 직원들은 잠재적인 보안 문제를 식별하고 에스컬레이션하도록 교육을 받습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p111">Escalations by operators of Azure Services. Microsoft employees are trained to identify and escalate potential security issues.</span></span>

 ## <a name="data-processor-service-for-windows-enterprise-data-breach-response"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7833-149">Windows Enterprise 데이터 위반 대응에 대한 데이터 프로세서 서비스</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-149">Data processor service for Windows Enterprise Data Breach Response</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p112">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise categorizes the information impact of the incident into the following breach categories:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p112">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution. Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise categorizes the information impact of the incident into the following breach categories:</span></span> 

| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-154">_ *범주*\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-154">_ *Category*\*</span></span>             | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-155">**정의**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-155">**Definition**</span></span>                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-156">\**_없음_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-156">\**_None_* _</span></span>               | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-157">정보가 제거, 변경, 삭제 또는 손상되지 않았습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-157">No information was removed, changed, deleted, or otherwise compromised.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-158">_\*_개인 정보 보호 위반_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-158">_*_Privacy Breach_*_</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-159">납세자, 직원, 수익자 등의 중요한 개인 데이터가 액세스되거나 제거되었습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-159">Sensitive personal data of taxpayers, employees, beneficiaries, etc. was accessed or removed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-160">_\*_독점 위반_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-160">_*_Proprietary Breach_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-161">PCII(보호되는 중요 인프라 정보)와 같은 분류되지 않은 독점 정보가 액세스되거나 제거되었습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-161">Unclassified proprietary information, such as protected critical infrastructure information (PCII), was accessed or removed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="f7833-162">_\*_무결성 손실_\*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-162">_*_Integrity Loss_*_</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="f7833-163">중요한 정보 또는 소유 정보가 변경되었거나 삭제되었습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-163">Sensitive or proprietary information was changed or deleted.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p113">The Security Response Team works with Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise Security Engineers and SMEs to classify the event based on factual data from the evidence. A security event may be classified as:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p113">The Security Response Team works with Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise Security Engineers and SMEs to classify the event based on factual data from the evidence. A security event may be classified as:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p114">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team will identify the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way leveraging detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p114">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team will identify the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way leveraging detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-168">**보안 인시던트** : Microsoft 장비 또는 Microsoft 시설에 저장된 고객 데이터 또는 지원 데이터에 대한 불법 액세스 또는 이러한 장비 또는 시설에 대한 무단 액세스로 인해 고객 데이터 또는 지원 데이터가 손실, 노출 또는 변경되는 사고가 발생했습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-168">**Security Incident** : An incident where unlawful access to any Customer Data or Support Data stored on Microsoft's equipment or in Microsoft's facilities, or unauthorized access to such equipment or facilities resulting in loss, disclosure, or alteration of Customer Data or Support Data has occurred.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-169">**고객 보고 가능한 보안 인시던트** : Microsoft의 시스템, 장비 또는 설비에 불법적이거나 무단으로 액세스하여 고객 데이터가 노출, 수정 또는 손실됩니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-169">**Customer-Reportable Security Incident (CRSI)** : An unlawful or unauthorized access to or use of Microsoft's systems, equipment, or facilities resulting in disclosure, modification, or loss of customer data.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p115">**Privacy Breach** : A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p115">**Privacy Breach** : A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p116">CRSI가 선언되려면, Microsoft가 고객 데이터에 대한 무단 액세스가 발생했거나 발생했을 가능성이 높고, 알림이 진행되어야 하는 법적 또는 계약 조항이 있음을 확인해야 합니다. 구체적인 고객 영향, 리소스 액세스 및 복구 단계가 공개되면 좋지만 반드시 그럴 필요는 없습니다.인시던트는 일반적으로 보안 인시던트의 진단 단계가 끝난 후에 CRSI로 선언됩니다. 그렇지만 모든 관려 정보를 사용할 수 있게 되는 언제든지 이러한 선언이 진해욀 수 있습니다. 보안 인시던트 관리자는 고객 인시던트 알림 프로세스를 실행하기 전에, 보고 가능한 이벤트가 발생했을 것이라는 합리적인 추측을 넘어서는 명확한 증거를 확보해야 합니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p116">For a CRSI to be declared, Microsoft must determine that unauthorized access to customer data has or has very likely occurred and/or that there is a legal or contractual commitment that notification must occur. It is desired, but not required, that specific customer impact, resource access, and repair steps be known. An incident is generally declared a CRSI after the conclusion of the Diagnose stage of a security incident; however, the declaration may happen at any point that all pertinent information is available. The security incident manager must establish evidence beyond reasonable doubt that a reportable event has occurred to begin execution of the Customer Incident Notification Process.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p117">조사 과정 전반에서, 보안 대응 팀은 전역 법률 자문과 긴밀히 협의하면서 법률적 의무 및 고객과의 약정에 따라 법정 조치가 수행되도록 합니다. 또한 다양한 운영 환경에서 시스템 및 고객 데이터를 보고 처리하는 데 중요한 제한 사항이 적용됩니다. 고객 데이터뿐만 아니라 중요한 데이터 또는 기밀 데이터는 해당 인시던트 티켓에 기록된 인시던트 관리자의 명시적인 서면 동의 없이 프로덕션 환경 외부로 전송되지 않습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p117">Throughout the investigation, the security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. There are also significant restrictions on system and customer data viewing and handling in various operating environments. Sensitive or confidential data, as well as Customer Data, are not transferred out of the production environment without explicit written approval from the Incident Manager recorded in the corresponding incident ticket.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p118">Microsoft는 고객 및 비즈니스 위험이 성공적으로 방지되고, 수정 조치가 구현되는지 확인합니다. 필요한 경우 이벤트와 연결된 즉각적인 보안 위험을 해결하기 위한 긴급 완화 단계가 수행됩니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p118">Microsoft verifies that customer and business risk is successfully contained, and that corrective measures are implemented. If necessary, emergency mitigation steps to resolve immediate security risks associated with the event are taken.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p119">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise routine audit cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p119">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise routine audit cycle.</span></span> 

## <a name="customer-notice"></a><span data-ttu-id="f7833-186">고객 알림</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-186">Customer Notice</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p120">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Microsoft relies on heavy internal compartmentalization in the operation of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Data flow logs are also robust. As a benefit of this design, most incidents can be scoped to specific customers. The goal is to provide impacted customers with an accurate, actionable, and timely notice when their data has been breached.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p120">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Microsoft relies on heavy internal compartmentalization in the operation of the data processor service for Windows Enterprise. Data flow logs are also robust. As a benefit of this design, most incidents can be scoped to specific customers. The goal is to provide impacted customers with an accurate, actionable, and timely notice when their data has been breached.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p121">After the declaration of a CRSI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p121">After the declaration of a CRSI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span></span> 

 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-p122">Microsoft가 알림을 진행할 때 다른 고객에 대한 위험이 증가할 수 있다고 판단한 경우, 예를 들어 알림이 진행될 경우 공격자가 알게 되어 수정 기회를 높일 수 있습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p122">Microsoft believes the act of performing a notification will increase the risk to other customers. For example, the act of notifying may tip off an adversary causing an inability to remediate.</span></span> 
 - <span data-ttu-id="f7833-197">Microsoft의 법률 부서 CELA(회사 외부 업무 및 법률 담당) 및 인시던트 책임 관리자가 기타 비정상적이거나 극단적인 상황을 조사한 경우입니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-197">Other unusual or extreme circumstances vetted by Microsoft's legal department Corporate External and Legal Affairs (CELA) and the Executive Incident Manager.</span></span> 

 <span data-ttu-id="f7833-198">Windows Enterprise Microsoft 데이터 프로세서 서비스는 알림 프로세스를 과도하게 지연시키지 않으면서 내부 조사를 수행할 수 있도록 하고 최종 사용자 약정을 충족하도록 지원할 수 있는 자세한 정보를 고객에게 제공합니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-198">Microsoft data processor service for Windows Enterprise provides customers with detailed information enabling them to perform internal investigations and assisting them in meeting end user commitments, while not unduly delaying the notification process.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-p123">개인 데이터 침해에 대한 알림은 전자 메일을 포함하여 Microsoft가 선택한 모든 방법을 통해 고객에게 전달됩니다. 데이터 침해 알림은 [구현 지침](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details)에 따라 구성될 수 있는 Azure Defender에서 제공된 보안 연락처 목록으로 전달됩니다. Azure Defender에서 연락처 정보가 제공되지 않으면 알림은 Azure 구독의 한 명 이상의 관리자에게 전송됩니다. 이러한 알림이 성공적으로 전달되도록 하기 위해 고객은 적용 가능한 각 구독 및 온라인 서비스 포털의 관리 연락처 정보가 올바른지 확인해야 합니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-p123">Notification of a personal data breach will be delivered to the customer by any means Microsoft selects, including via email. Notification of a data breach will be delivered to the list of security contacts provided in Azure Defender, which can be configured by following the [implementation guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details). If contact information is not provided in Azure Defender, the notification is sent to one or more administrators in an Azure subscription. To ensure that notification can be successfully delivered, it is the customer's responsibility to ensure that the administrative contact information on each applicable subscription and online services portal is correct.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-203">Windows Enterprise 팀을 위한 데이터 프로세서 서비스는 또한 고객 서비스(CSS) 및 고객 어카운트 매니저(AM) 또는 기술 어카운트 매니저(TAM)와 같은 추가 Microsoft 직원에게 알리도록 선택할 수도 있습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-203">The data processor service for Windows Enterprise team may also elect to notify additional Microsoft personnel such as Customer Service (CSS) and the customer's Account Manager(s) (AM) or Technical Account Manager(s) (TAM).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f7833-204">이러한 개인은 고객과 밀접하게 관련되어 있는 경우가 많으며 보다 빠른 수정이 이루어지는 데 도움이 될 수 있습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-204">These individuals often have close relationships with the customer and can facilitate faster remediation</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f7833-205">Microsoft에서 개인 데이터 위반을 감지하고 대처하는 방법에 대한 자세한 내용은 Service Trust Portal의 [GDPR에서 데이터 위반 알림](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach)을 참조하세요.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f7833-205">For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span></span>
