---
title: 위반 알림
description: Microsoft 서비스가 개인 데이터 위반으로부터 보호하는 방법 및 Microsoft가 위반 발생 시 대응하고 사용자에게 알리는 방법을 알아봅니다.
keywords: Microsoft 365, Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft 365 설명서, GDPR
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
ms.custom:
- seo-marvel-mar2020
titleSuffix: Microsoft GDPR
ms.openlocfilehash: a671fc9234f76c63ff7336369c87e680a4432cc3
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: ko-KR
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920292"
---
# <a name="gdpr-breach-notification"></a><span data-ttu-id="0ea72-104">GDPR 위반 알림</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-104">GDPR Breach Notification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p101">The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) introduces new rules for organizations that offer goods and services to people in the European Union (EU), or that collect and analyze data for EU residents no matter where you or your enterprise are located. Additional details can be found in the [GDPR Summary topic](gdpr.md). This document leads you to information on the completion of Breach Notifications under the GDPR using Microsoft products and services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p101">The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) introduces new rules for organizations that offer goods and services to people in the European Union (EU), or that collect and analyze data for EU residents no matter where you or your enterprise are located. Additional details can be found in the [GDPR Summary topic](gdpr.md). This document leads you to information on the completion of Breach Notifications under the GDPR using Microsoft products and services.</span></span>

## <a name="what-constitute-a-breach-of-personal-data-under-the-gdpr"></a><span data-ttu-id="0ea72-108">GDPR에서 개인 데이터의 위반을 구성하는 요인은 무엇인가요?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-108">What constitute a breach of personal data under the GDPR?</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p102">Personal data means any information related to an individual that can be used to identify them directly or indirectly. A personal data breach is 'a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed'.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p102">Personal data means any information related to an individual that can be used to identify them directly or indirectly. A personal data breach is 'a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed'.</span></span>

## <a name="terminology"></a><span data-ttu-id="0ea72-111">용어</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-111">Terminology</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-112">이 문서에서 사용된 GDPR 용어에 대한 유용한 정의:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-112">Helpful definitions for GDPR terms used in this document:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-113">*데이터 컨트롤러(컨트롤러)* : 개인 데이터 처리의 목적과 수단을 결정하는 법인, 공공 기관, 에이전시 또는 다른 사람과 독립적으로 또는 공동으로 작업하는 기타 단체입니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-113">*Data Controller (Controller)* : A legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-114">*개인 데이터* 및 *데이터 주체* : 식별되거나 식별 가능한 자연인(데이터 주체)과 관련된 모든 정보. 식별 가능한 자연인은 직접 또는 간접적으로 식별될 수 있는 사람입니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-114">*Personal data* and *data subject* : Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-115">*프로세서* : 컨트롤러를 대신하여 개인 데이터를 처리하는 자연인이나 법인, 공공 기관, 에이전시 또는 기타 단체입니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-115">*Processor* : A natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or other body, which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.</span></span>  
- <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-116">*고객 데이터* : 비즈니스 운영의 일상적인 작업에서 생성되고 저장되는 데이터입니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-116">*Customer Data* : Data produced and stored in the day-to-day operations of running your business.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-breach-notification"></a><span data-ttu-id="0ea72-117">Microsoft 및 위반 알림</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-117">Microsoft and Breach Notification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p103">Microsoft takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. A security incident/data breach refers to events such as unlawful access to customer's data stored on Microsoft equipment or in Microsoft facilities, or unauthorized access to such that has the potential to result in the loss, disclosure, or alteration of customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p103">Microsoft takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. A security incident/data breach refers to events such as unlawful access to customer's data stored on Microsoft equipment or in Microsoft facilities, or unauthorized access to such that has the potential to result in the loss, disclosure, or alteration of customer data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p104">As a data processor, Microsoft ensures that service customers are able to meet the GDPR's breach notification requirements as data controllers. Our notification provides the information needed to make that assessment. Microsoft notifies customers of any personal data breach, except for those cases where personal data is confirmed to be unintelligible (for example, encrypted data where integrity of the keys is confirmed).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p104">As a data processor, Microsoft ensures that service customers are able to meet the GDPR's breach notification requirements as data controllers. Our notification provides the information needed to make that assessment. Microsoft notifies customers of any personal data breach, except for those cases where personal data is confirmed to be unintelligible (for example, encrypted data where integrity of the keys is confirmed).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p105">Data controllers are responsible for assessing risks to data privacy and determining whether a breach requires notification of a customer's DPA. Microsoft provides the information needed, along with your GDPR compliance policy, to make that assessment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p105">Data controllers are responsible for assessing risks to data privacy and determining whether a breach requires notification of a customer's DPA. Microsoft provides the information needed, along with your GDPR compliance policy, to make that assessment.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p106">Initial notification includes a description of the nature of the breach, approximate user impact, and mitigation steps (if applicable). If our investigation is not complete at the time of initial notification, we will indicate next steps and timelines for subsequent communication. For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p106">Initial notification includes a description of the nature of the breach, approximate user impact, and mitigation steps (if applicable). If our investigation is not complete at the time of initial notification, we will indicate next steps and timelines for subsequent communication. For more information about how Microsoft detects and responds to a breach of personal data, see [Data Breach Notification Under the GDPR](https://servicetrust.microsoft.com/ViewPage/GDPRBreach) in the Service Trust Portal.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-128">다음은 특정 Microsoft 제품 및 서비스에 대한 위반 알림과 관련된 세부 정보입니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-128">Details regarding breach notification for specific Microsoft products and services is given below.</span></span>
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-129">**[Office 365](gdpr-breach-Office365.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-129">**[Office 365](gdpr-breach-Office365.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p107">Microsoft invests extensively in systems, processes, and personnel to reduce the likelihood of personal data breach and to quickly detect and mitigate consequence of breach if it does occur. Additional details can be read at [Office 365 Investments in Data Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-office365#office-365-investments-in-data-security).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p107">Microsoft invests extensively in systems, processes, and personnel to reduce the likelihood of personal data breach and to quickly detect and mitigate consequence of breach if it does occur. Additional details can be read at [Office 365 Investments in Data Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-office365#office-365-investments-in-data-security).</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p108">A customer may become aware of a breach and wish to contact Microsoft. In this case, notify Microsoft Support, which will then interface with engineering teams for more information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p108">A customer may become aware of a breach and wish to contact Microsoft. In this case, notify Microsoft Support, which will then interface with engineering teams for more information.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-134">**[Azure & Dynamics 365](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-134">**[Azure & Dynamics 365](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-135">Microsoft는 Microsoft Azure와 Dynamics 365에 대한 공격의 영향을 완화하기 위해 전역적인 연중 무휴 서비스를 제공합니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-135">Microsoft has a global, 24x7 incident response service that works to mitigate the effects of attacks against Microsoft Azure and Dynamics 365.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p109">*위반 감지* : Microsoft 및 고객 모두에게 보안 의무가 있으므로 Azure 서비스는 공유 책임 모델을 사용하여 보안 및 운영 책임을 정의합니다. Microsoft는 고객의 책임 영역 내에서 보안 인시던트를 모니터링하거나 대응하지 않습니다. 적절한 서비스 계약을 바탕으로 고객 인시던트 대응 시 Azure [고객 지원](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/)과의 협업이 수반될 수 있습니다. Microsoft Azure는 고객이 보안 인시던트 대응을 개발 및 관리하기 위해 활용할 수 있는 다양한 서비스(예: [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/))도 제공합니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p109">*Detection of Breaches* : Since both Microsoft and the customer have security obligations, Azure services employ a shared responsibility model to define security and operational accountabilities. Microsoft does not monitor or respond to security incidents within the customer's realm of responsibility. Customer incident response may involve collaboration with Azure [customer support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), given appropriate service contracts. Microsoft Azure also offers various services (for example, [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/)) that customers can utilize for developing and managing security incident response.</span></span>

        <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p110">For a list of events that trigger a breach investigation in Microsoft Azure, see [Detection of Potential Breaches](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#detection-of-potential-breaches). [Azure and Breach Notification under the GDPR](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md) further details how Microsoft investigates, manages, and responds to security incidents within Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p110">For a list of events that trigger a breach investigation in Microsoft Azure, see [Detection of Potential Breaches](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#detection-of-potential-breaches). [Azure and Breach Notification under the GDPR](gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics.md) further details how Microsoft investigates, manages, and responds to security incidents within Azure.</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p111">*Data Breach Response* : Microsoft determines appropriate priority and severity levels of a breach by investigating the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Microsoft's security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. These processes are detailed in [Azure's Data Breach Response](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#azures-data-breach-response).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p111">*Data Breach Response* : Microsoft determines appropriate priority and severity levels of a breach by investigating the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Microsoft's security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. These processes are detailed in [Azure's Data Breach Response](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#azures-data-breach-response).</span></span>

    - <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p112">*Customer Notification* : Microsoft Azure notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p112">*Customer Notification* : Microsoft Azure notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach except for the following circumstances:</span></span>

        - <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-148">Microsoft는 알림을 수행하면 다른 고객의 위험이 증가할 것으로 생각합니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-148">Microsoft believes the act of performing a notification increases the risk to other customers.</span></span>
        - <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p113">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These details will be provided to you as the investigation proceeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p113">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These details will be provided to you as the investigation proceeds.</span></span>

        <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-151">자세한 내용은 [고객 알림](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#customer-notification)을 참조하세요.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-151">Further details can be found in [Customer Notification](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-azure-dynamics#customer-notification).</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-152">**[Microsoft 지원 및 전문 서비스](gdpr-breach-Microsoft-Support-Professional-Services.md)**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-152">**[Microsoft Support and Professional Services](gdpr-breach-Microsoft-Support-Professional-Services.md)**</span></span>  
    <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-p114">The nature of professional services means that some data protection incidents may fall within the customer's realm of responsibility. When Microsoft Professional Services identifies a data protection incident, it follows documented industry standard response plan as outlined in [Scope & Limits of Data Protection Incident Response Process](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-microsoft-support-professional-services#scope--limits-of-data-protection-incident-response-process).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-p114">The nature of professional services means that some data protection incidents may fall within the customer's realm of responsibility. When Microsoft Professional Services identifies a data protection incident, it follows documented industry standard response plan as outlined in [Scope & Limits of Data Protection Incident Response Process](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/gdpr-breach-microsoft-support-professional-services#scope--limits-of-data-protection-incident-response-process).</span></span>

## <a name="breach-notification-admin-tools"></a><span data-ttu-id="0ea72-155">침해 알림 관리 도구</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-155">Breach notification admin tools</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="0ea72-156">**조직의 개인 정보 보호 담당자 설정** : Microsoft와 소통해야 할 경우 테넌트 관리자는 [Azure Active Directory 관리 포털](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2052736)을 사용하여 조직의 개인 정보 보호 담당자를 정의할 수 있습니다.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-156">**Set you organization's privacy contact** : Tenant Administrators can use the [Azure Active Directory Admin Portal](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2052736) to define your organization's privacy contact should Microsoft need to communicate with them.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="0ea72-157">자세히 알아보기</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-157">Learn more</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="0ea72-158">Microsoft 보안 센터</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0ea72-158">Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/privacy/gdpr-overview)
